ized by modern culture, in which it can be say that the social three, in particular, has become
the modal personality of the secular and technocratic world.

        Social E3 is the most chameleonic of the subtypes of the three. He is also the most vain
of the vain. Regarding the other E3, he is a strong and reactive character, lover of power, even if
he manages it not directly, but through the people he supports.

The transformation in the social E3 by García Vallés
If, as Claudio says, the journey that is transforming us is not so much up but forward and down,
the process in the social three goes through going beyond the external form, beyond the valuation
of the other, to be able to look at what we have not shown, what we have denied and valued
negatively of us, and that which we have identified as alien to our ideal self.

        The process of transformation usually begins with the feeling of dissatisfaction of what
has been obtained and that keeps us lost, with a great internal disconnection and with a crisis of
objectives in life.

       Through personal work, we enter the search and recovery of the rejected. We learn that
what we have discovered is ours and for us, rather than to achieve a new triumph to show the
world. We have to walk on uncertainty, which implies losing ourselves, getting lost to assume
change, inhabiting a disorder - the result of a dose of madness - in order to recognize the most
authentic of us.

        It also involves manifesting what we are not and do not know, thus opening an
increasingly wider and freer interior space. Finally, that rediscovered and valued as ours also
begins to lose weight, which implies a softer and less demanding treatment for us, thus being
able to connect with trust and awareness towards the new, letting us be, letting us perceive what
is coming, what God brings us.
         We will describe how the beginnings of the trip have been, and then point out what is left
behind and what appears as new, and get to imagine what we would be in fullness. Finally, we
will add some advice to colleagues and friends that will help us understand how we are.

Our personality before the trip
The original scene, at least the one in which one remembers how the trait was fixed, that moment
in which the anguish of the abandoned child finds a way out, in the social enneatype three is
marked by the experience of the gaze: a look that returns us to a lost paradise, to a well-being,
but that, from that moment on, it falsifies us forever. I had to find something to show, something
that would give me a place, something that would satisfy my parents, so that I would receive a
kind of support in the form of a look, not because of who I was, but because of what I showed.

       Some testimonies express it very clearly:

        ?Look how smart my girl is, but she already reads and she's only three years old!' they
told me. And I, clutching Mom's skirt, without an arm to take me, turned into her cloth of tears,
and I said, =Come on, Mom, don't cry.'?

       ?'But you can't imagine how well my little girl folds her clothes,' my mother told me.?

         ?When I was five or six years old they asked me: =And you, my girl, what are you going
to be when you grow up?' We lived in a humble house, and I went around in my little red dress
on the Ferris wheel in the park, and everything turned and turned in a litany around the iron. And
I came to answer: =I'm going to have money to fix this house and make it beautiful, and have a
refrigerator! When I grow up I'm going to be successful!' And there, when I felt that it would be
so, I stayed calm?.

      ?I was taught as a child as I was a trophy: =But how beautiful my child is, he is blond,
handsome as a little angel'?

        Before starting the conscious process of transformation, the three social ones have our
eyes set on obtaining social success; this is our engine, the search for a prestigious social
position in the environment where we move, where we can shine and be admired and where we
almost always get it. We easily create a network of people whose basic function is to be admired
by friends, teachers, bosses, students, patients...

       We want to be the center of attention and the gaze of those we admire, and we deploy all
our capacities of seduction to achieve it, which vary depending on the different assessments that
biographically have been reinforced. For some it is about showing intelligence, culture, class; we
show how much we know and what university careers we have. Others show the material
symbols of social status: having a nice house, a car that snatches the look, clothes, watches, etc.
Others, the body and the face, being cute, knowing how to dance...
        With all this deployment we get a look of recognition, but not to us, but to that figure that
we have sustained for so many years with effort and with great feeling of emptiness. We know
how to sell and attract attention with a clear adaptation to the environment in which we are. But
inside we do not find ourselves: in the midst of so many roles that we represent, we do not know
what we feel or who we are.

        ?I was not authentic: what I thought were my feelings, my emotions, were not real, and I
wanted to be authentic but I could not. I wanted to tell the truth and I didn't know what my truth
was. This is very exasperating, asking myself what I feel, and not knowing, or what I think, what
I want, and seeing that I don't know either. This, in contrast to a personality in which I appear
very structured, apparently very clear, in which I do know what I want, I do it and I impose it.
For many years I have believed that I always knew what I wanted: this was my delusion.?

       The adaptation to each medium cartons us, cools us and freezes us. However, we believe
we are always fine. Simply, we function in the world and we function well, effectively,
impatiently, responsibly, competitively, without knowing what is happening inside.

       To fill the void we reinforce our blindness in doing: we always try to be busy, refusing to
stop so as not to become aware of how lost we are. We can become machines of work and
production, with a demanding and sometimes authoritarian mood, but dressed in sympathy and
good humor, where the other is not a person but an instrument of our goal. As Montaigne points
out, we don't usually do anything for someone, whom we only do something to while we're
doing something else.

       When we gain admiration at work, we expand:

       ?As more people approve of me and applaud me, the more I expand, the more I dominate
and the more I control. Here our madness is manifested: we seek to feel supported by people
through admiration and applause. Admiration is the base that sustains us and distances us from
the experience of that little boy or girl who feels sad, alone, and abandoned. The feared scene is
to be worthless, to have no money, to be poor or not to be successful in our profession. That
scene puts us in contact with abandonment and pain.?

       ?Therefore, we can sink before the possibility of feeling questioned. The reaction is to
freeze and wait. What hurts is not shown: it is charged coldly with distance and disinterest,
through a sibylline revenge, without any awareness of pain.?

Process awareness: what emerges as new
Where are you going to get lost? We are lost without acknowledging what we really feel. We
cling to superficiality, to what is seen and valued socially, looking at the other, their approval
and custom, constantly adapting to the circumstances of others. We perform and express only
what we consider right and proper and we take it as certainty, thus fleeing from our wound.
         In the process of falling what opens up is a feeling of great pain, a very great pain when
seeing the lack of connection, occupied by the desire to please others. It is a feeling of emptiness
unmasked by seeing only vanity. A nausea that springs from seeing how vain our actions are,
how useless they are, how superficial we are. We look for impressive things or situations until
we begin to realize that what is impressive is what is not, what calms us. Thus, the desires that
previously filled the entire spectrum begin to break.

         When we discover ourselves, we feel ashamed for being like this and fear that they will
find out, of breaking our good image before those who matter to us. What a horror if they find
out! ?I'll never be able to get out of here.?

        In the process, the mechanism of modifying ourselves is immediately activated, of
adapting now to the healthy, to the right, and suddenly they tell us: how changed you are! But of
course, we are still trapped in the same circuit, trying to perfect it and put it at our service.

       The healthy thing always happens to assume what I am, what is, what arises from my
own; look at the fault and inhabit it instead of covering it up with doing or demonstrating.

       In us, the healthy thing is to know our failure, our lie, to know what we show and are not,
and to verify that we do not die for it, that we can sustain ourselves. It also involves looking at
our ambition, doing only what we can really do. Contact with the body is our barometer: we
must be attentive to discomfort and the ability to express it above the fear of rejection and
inadequacy. Show the wrong, the unpleasant, confident in the spontaneous and without being
taken by emotion to seek the profitability of the act. When we manage to appropriate this,
laughter, calm, peace appear.

       We heal ourselves by setting and accepting limits, saying ?no? when it is what we feel
and recognizing what expands us, such as staying with the everyday, enjoying what there is: a
walk, a simple enjoyment, what develops us, which encourages us to put our cooperation and
contagion capacity at stake.

         Faced with the need for applause, the need for pause appears, which allows us to contact
us. Although it does not disappear, the need for success loses weight, and a certain renunciation
is born, a restraint that is no longer adequacy. How healthy it is to be able to say and recognize:
this is for me and I keep it without external witnesses. The engine of success loses strength but it
does not die out: we can recognize it more and more and we also punish ourselves less and less
for being like this.

       Transformation goes through self-denunciation, attentive not to be used, but shared as a
painful and healing experience simultaneously to the extent that this experience connects me
with the authenticity of me. Observing how I despise, how I flatter, how I draw attention, how I
manipulate without directly asking for what I need, in short, how I cover my bad image, now
allows me to denounce myself.
        The experiences of authenticity reinforce us and move us away from a feeling of
falsehood, of feeling unworthy, which is based on a ?I have worth because I do?, and in its place
appears a ?I have worth because I exist?, which makes us feel worthy of us and connects us with
tenderness and forgiveness, which help melt the iceberg that formed in the heart. For us, a good
healing affirmation is: ?I respect what I feel.?

       Loneliness after the fall appears not as the feared but as the necessary space to be present,
to know each other: we no longer flee from the void, the void becomes the space to be present
and look.

        At this stage we recognize the importance of the intimate relationship, we learn to be
someone who needs the other and is necessary for the other. We learn to share our time: now we
can let go more and do less: ?seeing that the other needs affection like me makes me softer, less
demanding with the other and also with myself?.

        But, without a doubt, what emerges as new, what opens up to us in the process, is the
encounter with life, with the great, with the spiritual, with God. As in any process of
transformation, approaching our parents, looking at who they have been, what we have needed
and what we take from them, what they have been able to give us and what they have not, makes
them and makes us great, and this allows us to access experiences not previously imagined.

        From there, I live spiritual openness as an experience that leads me to the human, to the
real encounter with the other, recognizing that anyone in the world can teach me. The spiritual is
revealed as the encounter with the inner space that takes us out of the certainties linked to control
and takes us beyond pain and loss, to a space of encounter and recognition. Which allows us to
leave behind the pride of living as unique, separated from the rest.

        The spiritual is also revealed as a strength to go through suffering when the only thing
that appears in our life is a hopeless one: ?this is ego, this is ego, this is ego?, until at a given
moment calmness occurs. That alien that we carry inside comes out again and again, and the only
possibility of reconciliation with him is to give him a place, since only from that place do we
find calm when we recognize him and we know we are unable to annihilate him. Also, we feel
less and less scared with that alien, like in the movie, we already know when he's going to come
out, either in the second or the eighth passenger.

         Being lost, doubting, ceases to be something to hide, but becomes a fundamental part of
the process that allows us to find ourselves. It is no longer something to avoid, but it will be part
of our journey. As in the Tarot card, the Hermit does not see beyond that place that illuminates
its light.

What would it be like to reach the fullness of development?
 What would it be like to totally repair that lack, that original wound of love, and overcome
strategies like false modesty and rediscover spontaneous enthusiasm and enjoy laughing at
things, and participate without fear of cutting myself off so as not to show who I am? I wanted to
recall the command of Delphi:

       "Look at yourselves, know yourselves, become attached to yourselves; you listen to each other,
       you answer each other; concentrate, resist; they betray you, they disperse you, they hide
       yourselves. Don't you see that this world keeps all its vision shrunk inward and its eyes open to
       contemplate itself? For you it is always about vanity, inside or outside, but it is less vanity the
       less widespread it is. Each creature is studied first of all and has, according to its needs, limits
       appropriate to its efforts and desires. There is none as empty and as needy as you, who
       encompass the universe; you are the one who scrutinizes without knowledge, the magistrate
       without jurisdiction and, after all, the buffoon of the farce."

      Developing involves a level of acceptance, of non-judgment, of non-manipulation, of
non-denial, without having lost the mood and enjoying a certain joy of living.

         In fullness, we would find a very free being, we would be facing a person attentive to her
and not to what they expect from her, who assumes her impulse of falsehood and who, with her
ability to bring out the jester she carries inside, can go beyond her image and show her heart, his
difficulty, his bad mood, his need, his pain.

        To the extent that the narcissistic impulse decreases and loses weight, in the face of
characteristic competitiveness there is a need for collaboration; self-esteem ceases to be
supported by maternal praise and begins to recognize and open up to the present and to feel joy
for being here, for living, doing the simple things in life more calmly.

       A realized social ego three would be in contact with a love that would no longer be just
an admiring love, permanent reference in its own search for admiration and recognition, but
would surely reach a balance between the three loves.

       We would be facing a person who would expand the instinctive and maternal love that
binds him not to others, but to the other; a love that would allow him to give himself beyond
seduction and that, overcoming his feeling of having been instrumentalized or not respected,
would go from an experience of utilitarianism to an experience of real surrender in the encounter
with the beloved, without trying to dominate him, looking straight at his shortcomings without
looking for in the other the way to cover them, and that also allowed him to find his sensitivity
and emotionality.

        Being able to be with other human beings in a more equal way, listening, transmitting,
creating beautiful things, would also be a consequence of development, so that the social three
would go from looking to control to looking to discover, like a child who when looking
discovers sounds, space, perfumes, who leaves behind the functional and who lives by himself,
without obsessing over being useful.
 How to help and understand
Helping an ego three, like any other, does not mean pointing the way but accompanying it, and in
this it helps to feel if love is present: with the tranquility of your company, one can go to the
bottom. Love is the panacea, the universal medicine. If there is love, there is no fear and you can
work thoroughly, because it is the field where you can be without judgment, without going
through the machine of annulling people.

        Of course, the process is continuous and permanent. The ego always appears and, in this
sense, unites us all. It is difficult to accompany without leaving the ego aside without getting
stuck, but we can still accompany, with fear, with insecurity, with mistakes that can also help us,
because the most important thing is to accompany from the true.

       The social three needs to recognize its truth and for this it helps us the real contact,
beyond the automatisms, where the important thing is not to achieve results but to learn to feel
good being what you are and becoming aware of the orientation to the external world as a
compulsion disguised as pleasure. It is necessary to become aware of the fragility but it is not
necessary to identify with it so as not to put it in the circuit of use.

         One can help understand the other through presence: being present with what is there,
paying attention to what is happening, with no more clues to which we can cling, taking only
ourselves, as in airplanes, when , before a depressurization, they tell you that you must first put
on the mask, breathe, and only then help the other with their difficulty. In this sense, a classmate
of trait had a revealing dream: ?She woke up from her because someone took her by the arm
saying: someone sent me to find you! And, looking at the face of that person, I discovered that
she was myself?.

       Helping to be present with what is there, going through emptiness and loneliness, doing
nothing, leads us directly to grow, to let go of ties and to experience who we are.

       It also helps to become aware of the fear, the fear of being, of letting go, of being
inadequate, selfish, approaching the spontaneous, the uncontrolled.

         It helps us to accompany us to discover our real need beyond the ideal, and this happens
by contacting the rejected emotions: anger, shame, envy, to reach the pain that sustains them and
live it head-on in front of a person and validate themselves.

       Finally, we can unmask the ego with a real contact with the other that helps us to
experience silence and recognize what happens inside us without having to do anything. All this,
not from an annihilating will, but from a more patient, more serene and more loving encounter
with us.
                                E3 Sexual - Attractiveness


For the passion of the sexual three, Ichazo used the words masculinity or femininity, depending
on the case. Rather, I used to explain it as an excessive attempt to conform to cultural (perhaps
Hollywood) images of masculine and feminine. Today it seems to me that the fundamental
pathology of these people lies in the fact that, instead of acting from an instinctive freedom, they
put all their passion in the thirst for love and in the corresponding seduction through
complacency or the image that is supposed attractive and exciting. The result of this is that the
woman, being too aware of pleasing the man, loses the ability to enjoy her. Also added to this
character is a certain passion for the family that, despite not appearing as a defect, embodies an
exaggerated need to please that perpetuates self-alienation.

       Of the three subtypes, sexual is the most dependent. He does not usually show
aggressiveness and does not tolerate being rejected. His seduction is intended to be welcomed
and confirmed, confusing the value of himself with the attractiveness of his body.

The transformation in the sexual E3 by Lorena García of the Bayonne
       This work has been possible thanks to a team that spent three years collaborating with me in an
       investigation on the sexual subtype three proposed by Claudio Naranjo. The team consists of the
       following people: Anik Billard, Mario Jiménez, Rosa Morales, Yolanda Catalán, Bettina Deuster,
       María Guerrero Escusa and Axier Ariznabarreta. There are other people whom I have
       interviewed specifically for this presentation and who have provided their testimonies. They are:
       Lolique Lorente, Isabel Serrano, Debora Gane and Kornelia Dietrich.

                The intertitles correspond to questions asked by Claudio Naranjo, which serve as a guide
       for the writing of this text.

When approaching the healing of character, a sexual three is free to be, to feel and to express
himself authentically, without being imprisoned by the beautiful physical image, being able to
even be ugly and show the ugly of his life, such as painful io, anger, sadness, jealousy, envy,
resentment and everything that he considers to be shameful or that makes him lose control. In
this way, he is free to be able to make mistakes without that fear of being left wanting him. Also
left behind is the dependence on the look of approval and love of others, especially the couple,
resulting from the lack of love for oneself. What remains is a more real sense of love for himself,
with which he can feel a greater warmth inside after going through the hell of going through the
inner freeze and the inability to love.

        ?I understand how my ego self-destructed me and did not let me find love. Now, at this
stage of life, love is above all the love that I can feel for myself, really knowing myself and
taking myself into account. There everything begins to be more true. Love is not a mecca or a
task, or an achievement, or a conquest.?
         As he heals, a sexually changed E3 looks more relaxed and carefree: he lets go of the
compulsion to get everything under control and to be loved. Looking inward rather than outward,
he can see the difference between what he truly feels and needs and self-delusion. In this way, he
becomes stronger and more adult and this feeling of fragility of the type: ?better not to touch
him, to see if he is going to break? disappears. He also becomes more independent, knowing that
he can survive-sometimes even better-without a partner, and feeling loved and valued for who
he is, not what he does.

        Healing also involves finding the freedom to enjoy sex without being a mere object for
the other to enjoy, being able to let go of control and be less aware of their image, which does
not allow them to feel pleasure and in many cases reach orgasm.

        ?After working with me I have opened up a lot in sexuality and I am also more aware of
what I want and do not want and I allow myself more pleasure. In my life I have used sexuality
many times for other purposes: to achieve affection, admiration, recognition, feel close, to thank
or as a way to manipulate, as a reward or punishment. Also to keep my relationship stable. Many
times without contact with me or with the other, just to please, to fix or to avoid problems. As I
have had more contact with myself and with my body there have been stages of not wanting any
sex or vice versa, of great excitement. I like to have control in sexuality. I realize that something
has been unblocked on a sexual level, now I feel a lot of energy, I am very open, enjoying and
feeling a lot of pleasure and in greater connection with myself and with the other. Movement and
bodywork played a big part in this.?

        The sexual E3 woman in the process of healing is seen learning to live without the need
for the gaze and recognition of the man, related to the fact that she lived some kind of absence of
father; for men, it would also be a question of the need for a woman's gaze; a childish and
narcissistic need that seeks constant applause and that leaves him increasingly empty, because
his love relationships are based on making the other applaud him. Many times, conquering that
applause becomes very difficult and comes a great frustration that leaves you with a permanent
unhappiness in your life as a couple.

        A healed sexual tres becomes aware of self-deception and falsehood in love relationships.
Unmasking that image of being beautiful and perfect to be loved, and realizing his difficulty in
loving, is one of the biggest shadows for the sexual 3, since he has always believed that he had a
great capacity to love. However, the underlying narcissism supposes a frivolity and a falsehood
with love, as can be seen in the following text, from the novel "Bella del Señor", by Albert
Cohén, whose protagonist has just had an encounter with her lover and is left alone:

       "Returning to the living room, she went to the mirror so she wouldn't be alone. She bowed before
       the mirror to the Beauty of the Lord, rehearsed faces to see what appearance she had offered
       before him at the end of that night, imagined once again that it was him looking at her, she
       pretended to be a supplicant, stretched out her lips, congratulated herself. Not bad, not bad. But
       she would understand herself better with words. Your wife, I'm your wife, she told the little
        mirror, ecstatic, sincerely moved. Yes, her expression was really good, she must have seemed
       great to him. And during the kisses of great passion, the underwater kisses, what did she look
       like, with her eyes closed? She opened her mouth, closed her left eye, looked at herself with her
       right eye. Hard to notice. The impression of astonishment disappeared, it remained as if one eye.
       Too bad, I'll never know what face I make during the operation. What horror, I say operation,
       and a moment ago with him the thing was so serious. In short, to see how I am during the first
       kisses, all I have to do is close my eyes almost completely and look out of the corner of my eye
       through my lashes. Although no, the truth is that it's not worth it, because during those moments
       his head is so close to mine that he can't see me, so he doesn't have the slightest interest."

What would be the motivation for a sexual three to enter a therapeutic process?
If you look internally a little, the sexual three will realize that you feel a sadness that has always
been there. What happens is that, by not expressing it and being constantly worried about not
showing it, he does not even show it to himself.

      The motivation that a sexual tres finds to start therapy has to do, at first, with the fact that
someone he admires has told him about the virtues of the process and told him that he may need
it.

        The sexual three may also realize that he has had a hard life. I say think because maybe
you have been disconnected from your personal tragedy until you tell something about your life
or your childhood and someone gives you back the tragedy of the experience. Another reason to
enter the process is, simply, that the therapeutic world is fashionable and perhaps everyone
around you is doing therapy, so you will start a process to look good with someone or not to stay
out and feel like a weirdo.

        Rarely, the motivation may be in feeling the need for transformation, something that can
take time in the process due to the disconnection can great that the sexual three usually suffer,
and also because to show the need is to drop a part of the mask and teach something that is
considered very ugly and that has been very forbidden. Perhaps a very fragile and sad person
may feel, but he does not show it, or beautify it to use it as a weapon of seduction.

         Where you may clearly feel the need for introspection is usually after a separation. In that
case, it will surely connect with a primitive pain that has to do with reliving an abandonment of
the father or mother.

        For the sexual three, a separation is his worst nightmare: it is better to die than to
separate, he seems to think, or imagines that it is the closest thing to death. In the face of a
separation, you may even experience thoughts of suicide and start using drugs to drown out the
suffering. He is very afraid of pain and, when he enters it, the feeling is that he will never leave,
no matter how many times he has entered and left before. You can also leave therapy quickly
when another love appears, as you often chain one with another so as not to live the pain of
separation and it is amazing how you can quickly disconnect from the previous love.
        "My life revolved around the couples I've had. Since I was a child I had the idea of finding
       happiness through a loving partner. One day I was going to find a prince who would wake me up
       with his love to be happy until the end of my life. That already speaks of the deep disconnection
       and numbness of being, which I tried to find through the other... Since I was 16 years old I have
       never been without a love relationship. In order to get out of one, I looked for another."

         There are questions that bring people closer to connecting with themselves. What do you
feel? What do you need? What do you want or what do you look for in therapy? Faced with such
questions, the sexual three will come into contact with his emptiness and with the lack of
identity, with not knowing who he is and with the realization that, if it is not through the other,
he does not have a look of himself. It is also possible that he comes into contact with a great
fragility through emptiness, or that he begins to cry the unmourned in years without knowing
how to name what happens to him, realizing that he did not have a space nor was he seen or
loved in essence, but that he was a child who did things to be loved.

       The sexual E3 feels and lives a permanent prison. He lives drowned by vanity, and this
drowning leads him to want to go unnoticed and to be hyperthymized for fear of saying or doing
the wrong thing. The need to free yourself from this is what can also motivate you to do therapy
when you are more aware of yourself.

What is left behind?
In the process of transformation, the emotional, sexual and physical disconnection is left behind.
The fear of real intimacy. Dependence on love and self-deception with love. Gone is the thirst to
love and be loved, and the frivolity associated with seeking and conquering this type of
relationship. Putting all the energy into seduction or conquest and pleasing the other. The
dependence on recognition and applause in the couple.

       ?I have left behind the belief that happiness is achieved through effort and meeting goals,
the belief that I have to earn this life. I have left behind expectations towards life, ideals,
childhood fantasies. I have left behind my too good part: I prefer to disappoint someone than to
betray myself.?

        The fear of confrontation is also left behind, as well as the self-deception that goes hand
in hand with what you tell yourself not to confront. Finally, he dares to live the conflict and
sustain it, something so feared and difficult for sexual E3.

Therapeutic recommendations
The first thing that a sexual three needs to enter a deep therapeutic process is to be able to fully
trust the therapist to be able to get out of the seduction and the image. You need to feel the
unconditionality of the therapist, if not, the fear of not liking, not being suitable, not doing it
well, will inevitably lead you to seduction and self-deception.
          The process is favored by the fact that the therapist is not ambiguous about seduction.
There is a risk of staying too long in seduction if the therapist is susceptible to seduced or does
not know the enneagram of personality. Self-deception can become contagious. With self-
deception and seduction, there is also the danger that the patient ends up handling the therapy
and that he does not get to give himself up when he sees that the usual thing is repeated in his
life, in relation to the relational: to feel an object person, only seen by his charms and beauty, and
not by his essence, which is what you really need.

        Once he manages to get through the first layer of seduction and deployment of his charms
in therapy, the sexual patient three will connect with the emptiness of not knowing who he is if
not through the other. At that point you will begin to live a conflict for feeling very lost that can
sometimes be unbearable. If you feel the affection and unconditional support of your therapist
you will be able to go through it, if not, you may not resist the process. Once you've broken
through that void, you can begin to see the self-deception you've lived in all your life. You may
realize that your life is a big lie that you have built by hunger for love and to be admired, not out
of an authentic need or true love.
